and in today's video guys i'm going to
show you how you can overclock your
keyboard in order to get less
milliseconds of input delay and you're
probably asking yourself in the first
place why should i do this and why is it
important well let me pull up a stat
right now here on screen guys we can see
that if you have a keyboard let's just
say as an example which is running at
125 hertz you will have a response time
of 8 milliseconds if you're running 250
hertz you're gonna have four
milliseconds if you're running 500 hertz
you're gonna have two milliseconds and
with a thousand hertz guys you're gonna
have one millisecond delay only and this
is going to make such a huge improvement
guys i mean just compare eight to one
milliseconds especially in fortnite
which is a fast-paced game you know with
a lot of building and building is like
the core mechanic having the fastest
possible gaming equipment is gonna help
you out so much therefore i'm going to
show you a super simple way how we can
overclock our keyboard in in order to
make sure that it's running at the
maximum hertz possible and yeah i'm
gonna show you exactly how to do it if
you guys enjoyed this video please don't
forget to leave a like i've had any
produce let's get straight in this topic
so guys and what i want you to do in the
first place is click on the first link
in description where i can find my
website guys and here on the top it
already says input delay just simply
click onto it and once you get
redirected guys there should be a bunch
of posts and here on the top should be
one with the same name and the same
thumbnail as the video you're watching
and once you get redirected guys you're
just simply going to scroll down until
you can find this download button which
is going to redirect you to google drive
guys and it's going to be a rare file if
it's anything else it's probably part of
an ad so don't click onto it guys and
once you get it here on your desktop
it's going to be called keyboard
overclocking and in there we have hedo's
bf guys which is the tool which we're
going to be using and what i want you to
do in the first place is open it up
click onto driver and click onto setup
access then you're going to click onto
yes and then the tool is already running
and it's gonna showcase you here now
guys device name and if it doesn't
showcase you directly your keyboard you
know something like apex pro or razer
huntsman mini or some stuff like that
you can just simply try out which device
your keyboard is while just clicking
onto it and clicking on to restart and
now after i clicked i couldn't move my
mouse for a second so therefore i know
the first one is gonna be my keyboard
yeah i'm also gonna showcase you real
quick if i click on to restart and then
now spam my windows key it didn't work
so therefore i know okay this is my
keyboard and what are we going to do
guys is just simply make sure to select
it you know the device which we want and
then we're going to click here onto
default and set it to 1 000 megahertz
then you're going to click onto install
service
and then you can see now that my
keyboard is now set to a rate of 1000
megahertz then i'm going to click on to
restart and you already fully applied it
now once i'm gonna be using my keyboard
it should always be overclocked now to a
thousand hertz so therefore we're gonna
hop into fortnite guys but keep in mind
some keyboards have like a maximum hurts
they can do something maybe even like i
don't know 500 or 250 really depending
on your keyboard but i managed to get
like this here on my gk61 actually a
thousand hertz which was insane you know
going from like 125 to a thousand hertz
is insane because yeah that's like seven
milliseconds less input delay and now
we're gonna hop into fortnite and by the
way you don't have to run this tool
anymore in the background you can
straight up delete it from your pc if
you don't need it anymore but i mean
it's like cool to have and yeah guys now
once we are in fortnite and we actually
overclocked here fully entirely our
keyboard you should definitely see a
huge improvement in terms of like
response speed because
yeah you just make sure that everything
is running so much better and i mean
that's like seven milliseconds less
input delay so therefore let me know
guys what you think about it down in the
comment section below and how much it
helped you and every time before i
actually hop into fortnite guys i open
up no ping here and make sure that i
enable the boost fps mode and actually
also the turbo games mode which is going
to reduce the input delay of my keyboard
and in addition to that guys notepad can
also help you to reduce the ping of any
game you want to play as an example if
you're going to search it for fortnite
guys we can click onto it and it's going
to showcase me the best server in my
year which would for me now be here
london02 and you can see on london 02 i
get only 23 milliseconds delay whether
on frankfurt 17 or any of the other ones
guys where i would get 26 milliseconds
so therefore this already helped me to
get three milliseconds less ping guys
then we're only going to click onto
optimize game and we're already fully
connected to the server with the least
amount of latency in my near guys just
simply let no ping run in the background
you can boost your fps reduce the input
delay and get less ping and by the way
with the link in description guys and my
code you can get 20 off as well as the
seven days trial guys and you can pay
super easy we have paypal so therefore
this amazing tool and make sure to check
it out and if you guys enjoyed this
video please don't forget to leave a
like and subscribe to my channel that's
what i have made so so much and until
next time stay awesome i'm out peace
[Music]
you